I am on the Introduction to the DOM page.
And if I just scroll through this page,
we'll see that there are several instances of code.
Here and here are some others.
Let us look at one of these.
Right click and choose "inspect" element.
We can see in the elements panel that they are using pre tags.
So here is a pre tag and here is a pre tag.
let's you use "getElementsByTagName" to search for all of these pre tags.
I could open up the console with escape and
then type out "document.getElementsByTagName",
and I can search for the pre tags.
And we can see that this returns a list of six items.
Now if we want to see where each one of these are in the DOM,
I can actually right click on one of them and choose "Reveal in elements panel",
and that will jump to the correct location and the elements panel.
And then from here, I can right click and choose "Scroll into view",
and that will scroll the page into view to show us that element.
And there it is.
So we can see by highlighting here.
And by masking it over here it highlights the same element.